TELCODOCS-1476 hub-side templating (#68139)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-deploying-a-site.adoc

For more information, see "Customizing extra installation manifests in the {ztp} pipeline".
====

.. Optional: To reduce the number of policies for a deployment, you can use hub-side templates with a `PolicyGenTemplate`.
You can use the `spec.clusters.siteConfigMap` section of the `SiteConfig` custom resource (CR) to specify per-site data to be used for hub-side templating.
The following is an example use of the `data` field in `SiteConfig`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
siteConfigMap:
   name: site-example-sno <1>
   namespace: ztp-pgs <2>
   data:
      dell-poweredge-xr12-ptpcfgslave-profile-interface: "ens5f0"
      dell-poweredge-xr12-cpu-isolated: "2-19,22-39"
      dell-poweredge-xr12-cpu-reserved: "0-1,20-21"
      dell-poweredge-xr12-hugepages-default: "1G"
      dell-poweredge-xr12-hugepages-size: "1G"

>       dell-poweredge-xr12-hugepages-count: "32"

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove this and instead include:
```
sno-1-sriov-network-vlan-1: "140"
sno-1-sriov-network-vlan-2: "150"
```

Author: thanks

      updateConfigMapWithThisValue: "3"
----
<1> Specifies the name of the `ConfigMap` to be created. If unspecified, the default name is `ztp-site-<cluster_name>`. 
<2> The default namesapce is `ztp-site`. For a successful integration with the `PolicyGenTemplate`, the `siteConfigMap.namespace` you specify must be the same as the namespace used by the `PolicyGenTemplate` resources.
+
[NOTE]
====

> As an alternative to populating the siteConfigMap section in the `SiteConfig` CR you can store site-specific template data in the ZTP GitOps repo, as `ConfigMap` CRs, then push this template data to the hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to populating the siteConfigMap section in the `SiteConfig` CR you can store site-specific template data in the ZTP GitOps repo, as `ConfigMap` CRs, and have them synced to the hub cluster.
```
